# Nightclub Customer Clustering
- `README.md`: The markdown file containing instructions and a project overview.
- `Nightclub.csv`: nightclub customer rating and demographic information dataset
- `CustomerClustering.ipynb`: the working jupyter notebook file with data loading, data preprocessing, clustering, visualization, and analysis. Please see this file for the project details!!
## Project Overview
We are interested in clustering customers into different groups based on their satisfaction with the nightclub’s pricing strategy, whether they would return or recommend the club to friends, and other demographic variables. We hope to provide some strategies for the nightclub to improve customer satisfaction and increase customer return rates.
## Project Conclusion
The nightclub could improve customer satisfaction by using more common pricing strategies. For example, the time of day and day of the week strategies received lower average fairness ratings from cluster 0, who were more likely to be unfamiliar with the nightclub’s pricing. Additionally, given that customers in cluster 0 prefer reservation-based pricing strategies, the nightclub should consider enhancing related services, which includes offering discounts on reservations, creating exclusive reservation-only areas, or providing loyalty gifts for frequent reservations to attract revisits. If the nightclub wants to focus on increasing returning customers, they could have events targeted at younger people, which made up most of the satisfied clusters who said they would return. Since the cluster 0’s age range is more broad, targeting age groups wouldn’t help increase satisfaction. Since our model may not perform well given only 0.4 silhouette score, our clusters may not be differentiated significantly with certain traits. However, if we have more complete customer profiles, the nightclub could engage directly with customers from cluster 0 to gather more detailed feedback on their concerns.
